okay let's watch a curious video video
ok I haven't seen the full video it's an
excerpt from ibai's live ok I was
thinking about whether to watch it whether to watch the
original video itself or see
ibai's reaction so this is going to be a reaction
of a reaction okay why because I
want to see what he's talking about and you guys are going on about
the subject okay it's a video in which they
talk about the key to ibai's success
ok
let's see apparently and made by a
girl I don't know what this girl is
but apparently a girl like well
but ok let's watch it and let's see
who the girls do it the
thing is there's
a part of this live of this
same live
that I'm going to skip surely
when we arrive okay or I won't comment on it
much because I recorded a video on the
main channel about that part okay
so tomorrow we've given it time for it
today ok because he left my afternoon
he's out there eating and so on but
tomorrow yes the queue more and more but
tomorrow you have a video the main channel
talking about this topic okay
I'm going to be leaving the link to my
main channel the description in case there is
people who are not subscribed to my
main channel so that you stay tuned
because tomorrow there are videos talking about
that topic okay let's see ibai's reaction
to a person who analyzes his success
you know that reaction to the video is that
sometimes when I listen to a song he says to me
but iba a and let it run let's see
[ __ ] I'm reacting well in
a song in a little house I can agree
in exercise I can agree with you it
's true with a song for the best
decent film in the Canary Islands
we did it we let it run once
and then we listen to it again
analyzing it but in a video of a
girl who talks about me for example
that has to be stopped since
people complaining and saying that I don't stop
the video to make me stop the video
running that they are watching this is also
what they put to me a lot in the
comments you have to be an [ __ ] or be
kind if I'm watching a video and I'm
commenting on a video or a topic that
was being talked about in the video
if you want to see the original video go to the
[ __ ] original video
but since people put the
comments on me and it's that for the video at
every moment who  he
thinks I'm focus
prepare them already well let's see we're
going to do it the six months two friends
call each other to evaluate what these people
have have low notifications
and sometimes they comment and other times they don't
Alvaro and Fleeting Alvaro yes Fleeting a greeting
to you and thanks too Pascutto a
hug I hope it lasts a long time and that you
have a millionaire youtuber son or a
millionaire youtube daughter max some son
of the liquidation worry to me he
always told me emitted and put his head in a lot of the thing
of I hope you have a dentist son it is
very much my uncle always the dentist thing it must be that I
think it's [ __ ]
exam we
passed
well let's see
reaction
what's happening with ibai already us for
your videos of generating they were already
syed to me so that overnight it is
one of the main topics of conversation
because there are people who let's see let's see that let's
go
Leslie welcome to thank you very much
honey it's that the dance thing is [ __ ]
crazy those abrasion suddenly it has been
suddenly
like that the point suddenly let's see let's
see more or less the statistics  here
that you can see I don't know to what extent we will be
able to take a look but it has been
[ __ ] crazy like pure
madness this would be the youtube channel
why are we going to see it if the
youtube channel was created because people
received their live streams okay guys
views to the youtube channel why not
the pure
[ __ ] host
[Music]
what madness
man but come to know
come to know my god
[Music]
and what it generates it gives to the editor
what it generates it gives in full to the editor he doesn't have
a high salary or
something like you know what almost 90
million visits are, I
mean guys between the two channels
and it's going to thank you very much
[Music]
between the two channels I
usually get about 45 million visits
and I earn money
and I earn money I don't like to talk
about money I don't like to talk about
exact figures but come on it's money that
for me it's an important figure I mean we're
talking we're
talking about that we would have to
multiply by
18 what I earn
for it to come out for it to come out  that's
good because this is not about halves
because for example
this would not be about halves if it were about
halves we would be talking about
more than 100 thousand dollars
new per halve new per halve but yes
I imagine that it was going and it has a good
audience retention
maybe we had decided how much
this could be because it is very relative we would have to
see if there are videos with copyright if
there are videos with the yellow monetization
okay girl but very little very
little very
little thirty or forty
thousand euros is this
and this is [ __ ] crazy and I'm
saying very little putting myself in the fact
that 80% 70% of the
audience
already betrays [ __ ] on youtube on youtube that it
is not a terrain
healthy envy healthy envy what to say in
tweets what are we talking about
well this and we can know how much it
generates no because that depends on the
subscribers they have or how many
subscribers they have and vice someone knows it
freaks out already building and no what I wanted to
see was not how much what I wanted to see
was
the subscribers I don't understand in fact it is
said that I gained 000 followers
a day before
but suddenly one day  he earned 350,000
in February of this year
and that's a ton every day
because the tweets channel was created in
February of this year I do
n't understand this why is he like this before
February if he's already been a streamer for a
long time no
but how many subscribers do you have
paying subscribers with prime
time
who has 41 thousand
and two [ __ ] him
and those [ __ ] him
who have 41 thousand
or so that that that that we'll be
talking about auctions at least they charge
two euros for each one he does
n't have mass yes but now let's
see d auro surprises us so much with his success
because he's been on the internet for many years
and he comes from a
very big YouTube channel okay
but we're talking about the fact
that he could be earning around 80,000
80 thousand euros from subscriptions are
the solutions because then there are the
donations and advertising
this payment will be two hundred thousand euros
a month
how good what good does not
send healthy healthy envy but what the [ __ ]
what [ __ ] bestiality
let's tweet it doesn't matter where
this man is what is gold right now what is
happening right now is gold
but  flipa is flipa flipa flipa flipa
mother of course if you're
telling me that the
thing about YouTube is given to the editor that I
already hate, I know this is a fortune
if I'm going to give the YouTube thing
20 they don't know how many collaborations
with brands of s
of the day
search term how good that
happens to you the life of time
gives me
if the case is not suddenly
Spain the last five years of
last year and this how is
this done is from December 1, 2015 until
today in the admits it is how it has
grown like the stock market is the market
friend past this clip to wall street'
return that market
you know Victor you have to invest in me
this one knows everything this has been done I
talk about it in the video that in the video that I have
made so that there is the main one I have
shown how he knows about the
existence of the Dallas videos
and for example I have put the example of d
when he answered us to the
salsa channels that the videos not made do not
have visits that for this one to reach him
ruffles ruffles do not refuse to  invest in
my life of potatoes such because there are
people who spend hours on tweets watching it
because their community has grown so much in
all tremendous these tremendous people
stats this is that they are from tweets of
turina because we have seen the number of tweets
were they are now that we have here
open no let's
see it could be the tweets at this
moment we are seeing three million and
a bit and here you can see almost two you will go to
tweets thoughtful face a greeting face
throwing a good right now I'm doing well
as I am a bird in the hand is worth two in the
bush if at some point I
have a problem with you know that I do
n't believe it
or that friend I am very well on
YouTube the live shows are going very
well for me on YouTube the rights are going very well we are growing a lot with the members and one well I have my themes so at the moment not many live shows very strange something very strange has to happen for me to leave twitch - many people say knew on twitter already
winning I don't know how many I don't know no no no
no I'm not going to take a chance because I'm not
going to go to tweets and I'm going to be and bye it
would be the same no that here not
me  I think it would be the same, I think we would
have more or less the same number of
viewers between 2,000 and 3,000
and then in terms of members, I don't know if we would have
more or less, but we had to start,
start from scratch,
we're doing well, we're doing very well now, it's going great, it's
finally
happy now, how are we right
now? I
have to tell you that although the
videos on the main channel are
getting half the views they
normally have, what they would have
before summer, how to give an example,
player, thank you very much,
it's the best time right now, for everything
in general,
the views issue will be fixed either. There's no
issue either. I've realized that I
have my fandom, these views that I'm having
now, the 30, 40, 250,000, I
think they're the people who follow me
faithfully on YouTube, who watch my videos, whatever they
are, okay, but then the
topics, more views, in general, I depend a
lot on the controversies that there are, and right now there
aren't any strong controversies,
too much, we're juggling
to continue bringing content every
day. You can see that I make
content every day, I
upload at least two or three live excerpts.
and a video the
main channel almost every other day
and pulling up themes from my sleeve you know
then it's fine and generally I'm not
worried because as I told you it's
been the best month
of all the time I've been on the internet
okay tweets or from twitter tremendous
statistics more than 15,000 it seems the
stack chain on the court no I think it's let's
see well of tweets crazy saying
that we've hooked up well you know and
why here this video will be a week old I
imagine around there not the girl's video
and you're approaching 23 million and here it's
starting at 3 million and at the rate it's
growing this man could very well be that
my goodness
this is from twitter or from date and at what
point does he assure this is from
instagram it could be but it's not true or
from youtube version since this man
pays in statistics you know 2.4 he doesn't
even know what you have in followers no
when youtube had control - of
subscribers
the one on instagram
400 let's see if it's true from this one they're going to
see 2.4 million on youtube I
don't have these from instagram  100% this
can't be youtube, that
instagram inkwell is social as we already know
that nothing is that support will install a
lot of people follow me guys instagram look that
social network is [ __ ] that [ __ ] I like
much less than twitter instagram in
not really hooked me but you to
instagram maduro and the same to do there
on instagram vallecito I am seeing
detected that there is 16%
if there is a text that is called and baiano if it
has 200,000 followers I am not a
[ __ ] mother son as we already know that nothing
is a coincidence well sometimes it happens on
youtube also on youtube on youtube
people getting rich uploading
divx videos there is the other one inside talking to
aura and I was told that he
was in his life of his live shows
with more than a million views you know I
consider that these people should have
not only a channel where they upload videos
of their live shows to edit I consider
that they should have something that youtube has
their content uploaded
because apart from these things
people want to see us for example today today
I came across a  an email that I sent
to a kid where I was already talking about
a topic of promotions that
would have interested me for the video of the
main channel and you can't recover it
because in tweets the live broadcasts
last a week I think it's worth it and there are
things that are interesting to see over time
today we are going to analyze the keys to its
success and hide a little because and vice is
already where no no I am not I are
the keys to the success of ibai it is already
in the product that is to say in the same as a
brand and by is a person who transmits
naturalness closeness that has a
special charisma because I think that not
everyone is Carmelo of everything he has
said the truth let's see if it is true
that he has charisma he has grace very
potassium and such I also say the
video of each main but I also
tell you one thing that I also say in the
video the main channel there are many people
who are worth it there are many people who are worth it
and who have grace okay and they do not get
anywhere absolutely nothing
okay I think that a touch of luck
also a touch of the jobs that he has
had the contacts to the people that he
has approached also influences  a lot whoever you
have around you that you fall in
thanks people know
carrizo
peace of commenting on anything very well
and training okay and nothing threw milk at me it
laughs despite what I think is
terrible the things he said about Dallas and what I
consider is that man this
man that everyone says is very
drunk very humble I don't know how much he
should apologize for the things that he
has said fed up with the don't be like and
cut in the politics of a king and you look
[ __ ] great because the things he has
said to them are strong
nobody can take that away from us okay I think and a tweet a
tweet that costs him a tweet
and I was going to have the necessary reach so that
people know that he has apologized and
then we comment on them back it
happens that that audience does not know
man
the thing is that you do not only talk to him you
also have to see the video tomorrow
the main channel one thing is that you do not
want to give hype to someone who
is throwing [ __ ] at you and does not want to
respond
but Dallas has 10 million
people know it
and ibai gets it ibai well s to the one with
the flowerpots happens  and I dance
hostility guys, the office is coming
by the way it's from maiqueta which is with
a theme that is difficult to grow
okay because you I can make a
very good video it's that it
's a point of luck okay
imaginary I can make a video telling
some anecdote of mine and you part of a
game the [ __ ]
okay imagine I broke my ass very
funny the video
but then the video doesn't reach people
because they're not going to watch it because it doesn't have
a title
or in other words my friend steals my flowerpots
there's a point of luck a point that
already with the name of knowing
what memories I have seen a office
with more than 3 million visits in a
office we are preparing a water
well the truth is that I know how to make a
office three months can be
watching a video of it there was nothing
look at this one just is this literal the one I
saw yesterday this one goes this is the history of my
tweets channel I don't know if any of you will
remember many of you but
many others don't because it's been 4 to 5 months
that's a long time tweets but this goes
this is tremendous dude this is tremendous
gro this video is  incredible and this
stream is one of the first streams
but epic on my channel there were quite a
few there was something in this one really epic
but this one and we reached like 45,000 to
50,000 it was this one this stream was
incredible man really I will never
forget in my life four months ago already
goal
of curiosities with Mike for example and
having everyone la fe works
banned la
fe words curiosities like the one glued
to the screen sleeping like he watches a
youtube video is that he has come to
castrate a marbles race that by
the way is terrible I eat and I am
really the news you
told me that he has returned to
formula 1 effectively you
the other day I saw fairies on twitter that he
said it was going to be a live marbles that that that
live marbles that they
are playing marbles
live now people
let's do marbles on the print channel
and hook the audience with what is being
said but that has overturned the
naturalness with which the auditors open them an announcement
get the
perfect mix to get you hooked and maybe
the friendships that I have that the
girls are not going to and in the video it's sure
worth it because I'm seeing it now as a very
live fan and okay I say it charisma he has to make you
laugh I can't deny it I
have no personal problem with
him even though he has done those things
to Dallas that he is a mental colleague he
is not attacking him now they are things of the past what
I consider is that he should
apologize and end it all and withdraw what he
said okay
but it's funny now well you can be
very funny but don't
involve us and also not at this level
Luis Lobo thanks welcome there
are people who are funny people people who
have thanks to Karime everything you want and
with time they can
grow okay but at this putt and
Simon and go to this point and ximo level it is
because you have fallen thanks to people and one
topic mentioning on one side the other another
collaborates others that you know that this
point level of crazy a product in
which he is talking because it is based
on that naturalness that we commented on he is
the first to say that here he just
called me stupid with  a euphemism he is
stupid but the word euphemism
in which he has not stopped much
to think this I am stupid he said it
indiscreetly but he said it well it's
not that there is much thought I don't know
stream is generally only with
organizing the game of among us I
look like Carlan has it Madrid
understands that came out to organize the
part to more than 10 people all at the
same time if Carlo Ancelotti in the
final part of the Champions League yes before
the streamings I organize my things
but it is true that I do not
analyze it and social lawsuits that already
look when he entered the tap and I
streaming and a peak of Villiers then
if I invite him it
is an Instagram story there is no half
version supports in quotes I mean
I play I do the best I could that
day is that this level you already give a
[ __ ] about everything or I mean me for example or I mean
because of this video it has worked very well for me there are
many visits I am going to make another one on the
same topic or it has to support a thousand
subscribers I commented I love you I am going to
throw the  gum a little bad of per despite
its support
that 30 thousand subscribers on the
youtube channel see day
a day are
usually two lives
I think he doesn't look at what he has in
the bank whether you are cobra a cobra or not
an instagram story and that's it if there are
60 thousand living 40,000 40 thousand to bed and
I mean what is going to be seen now I was going to
see the poison one but I didn't
like it very much I think I'm going to see the
chess one as the poison one was going to be seen
but we like it a lot man what
happens is I have to see the base of the
bird I don't want to see it but that one is on
prime on amazon no and lamason in the
hotels in the rooms I don't have it I have to
see it here in the living room and at
night we go to bed warm in
winter in bed that's why I haven't
seen it I called it the chess one from
netflix
from the field of the field it is at that time that she
was she
says yes it
is not easy to get the second
key aspect of her this is a big fan the
girl knows that is something that ibai has and  it's
very very it's not easy to get there are
a lot of fun people I know
people in people who are not people I'm
talking to you about real life okay from my neighborhood
the best or a cousin I don't know what that are a
spectacle they are a point
start recording and you have to like it
too it
is a set of things like the
data to the idea or success is the choice
of the market and we analyze the beginnings
of ibai
these are on youtube and uploading videos
commenting on video games without any
motivation beyond entertainment
he enjoyed doing that the key to
all this is that he began to focus on
a niche of the market in a very
specific niche and go there he commented on
video games but he also got into
commenting on video games very few people
commented who commented on
LOL games well there was Nibali and Ander and his
uncle let's see here he is right not in part
I think he is right here because he
continues it is true that lol is a
very viral game but of course compared to the
viralization that there is right now on the
internet with certain things lol in
2015 and more specifically and esports was
a bit of a niche sincerely obviously
lol was  super famous but the all sports
and competition in spain there are already things
and he got it right maybe
8 million people play in spain but
also sports 200,000 pending per
port an example from that time
this is also a good springboard
the LVBP are important springboards I
think the main springboard no yes it
is true that when ander and where we are
going to comment on the role was a baby he
was still sharing angel quintana
ulises barb these are names that
many of you will sound familiar or rather outside of
barba and ulises probably but yes
at that time it is true that I
actually started commenting on the photos thousand
15 out of 50 from 2014 when I was almost a
minor the truth is that it was a
child and I didn't comment on tweets I started
commenting on my TV matches in
Vitoria
and I think that about 30 people must have seen it
on my TV
like the [ __ ] on my TV lol games
sami TV the one from telecinco
if it's because of the LV
what  balls no no no don't tell him in
relation to the LVBP with my TV he
freaks out about what one
or 20 finds out
and I put all my effort into it this
truth was I was motivated about having a good time
but me 10 people it was hard free
especially because it was the best in Spain
playing so for the LVBP and they start
working as professional casters it is
at this moment in which it was already beginning to
generate more communities in the world of
yes words and it is true that it begins to make itself
known what it does at this moment
and wow and that perhaps supposes the
key difference with respect to for example under
juande reality more and I is that he was going to
go to the [ __ ] madness
now he has made a short on netflix
on netflix a netflix short
comes out now announcing the hs anti capa
but he is one of the narrators of the
[ __ ] fifa
what the [ __ ]
so much juan derby beef under I was already
asking instagram of the minita for
your house that already puts your life
similar minutes in professional career and
dodges and begins to take great care of the
content in his social networks no
I'm talking about taking care of both aesthetics or having a very defined strategy but rather when you start to give it importance you start creating humorous content and they start to go viral being part of your content although you are still only talking about sports it is already starting to sound and it goes into the
heads of more people in short and bay
launches its product in a niche of the
market and this product is becoming
known through this niche and is
launching itself into the great debt with side of
another aspect clear again is that I have
done many sports now I wanted to
forget here we are all having a
good time kun agero of tangana we dance I have
done is rowing and sports like a
son of a [ __ ] that there are people who now it
seems that I have commented on LOL games
I have been the one who has commented on the most games
by far by far take out the
statistics that someone adds up the
games of what we have done chin
nobody comments two games of loquillo
impossible because because which one has
started before but when he left it for
many years and continues he left very
soon Ulysses was fired they also
changed the counter can you send a
greeting when walk or  shampoo has been going for three or
four years maybe they can
happen to me the thing is that I comment on the
ball and within my company I was the one who
played the most games so every day I was the one who played the
most social games to do
every day that we played that the
statistics of games made Gandhi
puts me at the top 1
but well now not now I play the
sleeves well I continue to play the sleeves like this but I have
commented Turkey against Mozambique
careful it was in the morning there was no
one already hard there was no
way of traction and Ibai's
evolution his evolution understood as
the step from a YouTube channel of
friendship from which they did not expect to obtain
profit at first his
career in the LVBP and his subsequent
signing for G 2 this moment of change
represents a total evolution in the career
and in the picture of injury and dance and
dance in 2019 decision for his first steps
as a panelist for Asia and a good
decision today it does not go out as it would do that
February 2020 when Ibai signed
for G 2 tweets it becomes a good
decision in the content division and
begins to  premiere on the platform
for several hours a day what happens right
now and some other hour has
done some other hour has
undoubtedly done an hour and there may be a
bit of chance or how many hours in your
video is cold that you that this live
are four hours in tweets
or in other words he does four hours a day more or
less of destiny and it is that he dodges and weighs
800 kilos so society sees
a chubby person it is not that pencil it is
by chance being fat has given me success I have
not seen this for the video of the main channel I have
not seen this in the video of the main channel it
is a pure arda la because in the video he
said people empathize with him because he is
fat
or I mean I have to add this morning the
video whatever
books buy on amazon right now for
ten euros which is like saying look I
think that he made this video to
respond to dallas with the cola cao
that is coming now why why and vice does
not respond to you directly at all
fame for whatever no he does not respond to you
directly so I
think that he had already seen this video
before reacting in fact  I'm not
sure I'll do what I'm supposed to do and not check out
the things I'm going to see when
the quarantine comes to confinement
how great we could say that Pedro
Sanchez
has given me all this fame we could
even confirm that I was already in front of us he
has taken advantage of Pedro Sanchez and
that he has gained all his form thanks to
Pedro Sanchez and that this even
makes him a dangerous
Bolivarian communist and communist again you can
even say that I was no longer
funded Podemos with his
illegal payments through an American company
called Tweets Amazon and from Venezuela he has
sent money to Podemos and has financed
all the corruption to sink the
Spanish right well we could
confirm it the truth is right now it doesn't
fail me in anything we could
say that Pedro Sanchez that I was already has not
taken advantage of Pedrosa to people who don't
believe that there are supports for Dallas in this
video I think so because look at me like
YouTube okay I can tell you what
when they criticize you and when they say
things or mind about you okay you keep
the gala of responding and when you do
the  what he does and vice that is not to take the
bait, not to answer, he doesn't want to
answer in the end that creates in you, as I
called it with a colleague, a tumor, not
plans that created a tumor for you, literally, it
's a metaphor that creates you like a
tumor, leave you what's inside, his people
respond then that's what he does instead
of responding directly, hey dallas,
look, I'm going to respond to your video, ta ta ta ta ta
ta, for doing it this way, I think
that site is
very big but it's the truth, apart from being
attractive, what there are people, I have sold out,
I voted for another party but I knew that
Pedro was going to put the confinement vice
continue with that style, they knew it, he has given
the key, he has given the key, he is not a
communist, confirmed, it is confirmed, thus,
several
journalists have even confirmed it, that they have
effectively confirmed sometimes
lies have short legs, no, as
reb would say, in this case you have more tail
than the devil
because one day he said
on youtube that no, that he has always
made the joke this time that he has
grown, he has always made the joke
that he has grown because he is fat,
to that joke the cat in front
I say, I don't know him, not the children or
none of that
told me that
and after this
because we are all in our houses
looking for entertainment and it is at that
moment when the guys from g2 make their
biggest hit people start to
increase their hours of consumption of
confirmed streaming
15 this even offensive this the truth
this photo of this author mamen tablet let's
see only two hours of consumption of the
streaming platforms and there it is and it goes
fundamental this photo these photos with
willy rex at an lvbp event I think it
is barcelona race world i
[Music] I
don't have ears there we see how I had
so much hair that really it doesn't look
certain carefree about my
physical appearance the thing is that there is a moment in
my life where I start to work so much
that my physical appearance begins to be like
something secondary no roll I remember
that [ __ ] you see that sometimes I didn't have
time to go to the hairdresser and when they
had time I was lazy and I didn't
cut my hair much
yes I showered the truth being
fat and having a beard does not exempt you from
showering okay but many people are like they
relate it to fat people the same as a
thin person you understand me it's not a problem but
yes there he had his hair it wasn't very
neat
or horrible and that's where the joke started you
don't have ears I think it was because of
this photo the truth is I don't know if I'm going for
this photo exactly but
in the live of the surprised because he doesn't
look at the statistics and that reason that he
has a million dollar contract with g2
and he goes and answers me I am surprised by the
opinion of this guy surprise
a video
interview with the robot or rather but he
has a contract with axis 2 but everything
belongs to g 2, that is, his
youtube channel and those things no no no
he will do his work in g2 I don't imagine it will
be Spanish
for one of these I believe an
important and notable aspect of this
confinement is that it serves both
ibai and the sector in general to
validate the consumption of said event 2
percent in Spain before the confinement
tweets break the audience record
in the second quarter of 2020
I think there are several aspects here the
first of them continues to do that
obviously the confinement because all
the online entertainment platforms
have served them let's not forget
either that twitch because the only
existing one is youtube is facebook
is on netflix is  hb or amazon prime there is
the television itself in the end there are
many things to entertain yourself so
here it seems that now it is you and me the
only one that has broadcast during
confinement well there are many ways to
it they add all grown in
confinement I think that all of us who are
dedicated
to digital entertainment
the only job I think that in
confinement it has gone better not apart from
the sale of masks maybe not
from entertaining yourself online but I do think
that tweets apart from being the best is that I think
what has been key here and
we often forget is that rubio
sauron play and grave have been in tweets
you know what I mean so I think it has all come
together a bit I think tweets was
going to hit a similar jackpot there have
been diets I don't know what rubio has said what he has
done what names he has said to
said rubios euro play and they are still in
tweets some have not left grave the
next one and you think
if you are not with or without confinement
I think I really say but who watches
string on facebook a lot of people
a lot of people those who do well on
facebook have a lot of viewers
ari gameplay there was one night with
50,000 viewers
normally the bird maybe 8 thousand 10
thousand to 12
or so there are a lot of people in Rome Gallardo
has a lot of visits on Facebook I
think he has more visits on Facebook
than he does live from Facebook but the
videos that he uploads on his
Facebook channel and he has more visits I think on
YouTube or so because in the end three of
the biggest YouTubers in the world and three
of the biggest content creators
on the planet because in statistics with
statistics in hand that were plays
Rubio must be in the top 10 on the
planet or in the world for sure so
I think that those things have come together too it
means that it doesn't
benefit him indirectly if some big one were to
live there is one
in the end it would benefit me what is
happening with one more or less always
works the same viewers as you
people
understand me but if for example Aurum
play came you know there would be a lot of
people who would download you know
then indirectly they would see
me too we
would have to try not to coincide in
schedule we would coincide because in the
afternoon  there would be people who have installed what
happens with tweets tweets
everyone has it installed that's why
maybe if I go to your go what you
tell me people would grow more we would have more and
more viewers you know that not many
people have it but of course of course
the tweets next to
confinement have been able to help I'm not
telling you that it's not that there are a lot of people who have
come to exterminate tweets I mean you
get an idea of all the
journalists singers footballers
etcetera that are these end up in
tweets courtois or streaming on twitter
with a fact streaming of tweets kit that
or angel martin has said that the guy
realizes man in this video that is more
recent because he is up and with the
hair like that he gets
along with the crazy one he
plays with the crazy one man
if the stranger already considered with what I have I
have many names here they would not
like to grow much more no of
course not
but I already with what I have I consider
that I have a lot it seems like a lot to me to
have 2000 viewers here every
day in a thousand hundred and something members in
one or another two hundred three hundred
viewers plus their  140 150 members
look it seems like a slack to
me with firm crimson it
is one with the crazy one with the crazy one he
starts to play good or bad money they make
youtube kiko rivera the two fives depending on how it is
to use it is crazy tivo I don't know I
think we have to run there he mentions
here first he has achieved the first one
attracts a lot of people and here with leveling
video the other day and I think he had 20
viewers or 40 or 30 at 20 I
think those two things but well
that idea of a new concept since you
know what has happened to kiko rivera
who wants to come and premiere and play
fifa and the same thing is going to happen to him that
happened to him releasing songs know kiko rivera
a character that moves a lot a lot of
audience in his own which is his thing the
falsehood when he goes to slvame when there is
controversy with his family when he has done
with the other thing that I understand that chatting he
wants to make his way he wants to try
other things but let's see each one has a
dream if I put myself here right now to
play love
unless I put  to play with dallas
or canaries with wang or something like that
here me alone playing well because as we
put it here there were 500 people
because people follow me and they are
people who like sanse or
okay
kiko rivera direct talking about
controversial tv topics from salcedo who
tries to adapt when extreme and
europe and rubios in tweets and network
regularly for a year we could
say or two we
could not start also from 2018 to 1
since 2018 even before 2019 no clear the
issue is that the euro I do not think they have
tweets the same how serious I would say that
right now approximately for a year
I remember this video of grez who
announced when he was leaving mixer how serious the
network is from mixer you took it brother
aice you took it hot mother ani they have
told me about what they pay in mixer
the contracts
and I am talking to you about normal people, people
with numbers like mine, people with numbers
like mine
and they pay you
crazy amounts like
almost six figures,
almost six figures
that a year a month station  contract
take your whole year you have to be
here for so many hours each month
you have to do so many hours I can't
imagine when I added they
sent him to mixer
that they paid him to be there
that year
microsoft is freaking out microsoft and
five years and right now we can't
do it not from xbox and says well
why not because they offend peter
we put 28 million euros in the
bank I curse the [ __ ] who gave birth to me
but of course yes I think Greece has been
carrying it for like a year or
so November 2000 from 100 to a
little before then of course what it is 2020
coincided a bit with its first months
in tweets no but well that that that
ultimately obviously the
confinement has had to do with it but it
also came together as if the biggest
content creators in the world
came pointed out tweets for
television new concept of
entertainment and new form of comics
that mixer died it
is the purple one
in fact well
line was the one that went to byc to be no
and it already went to mixer and then it returned to
tourists consumption of entertainment the
idea of consumption  live videos are becoming increasingly
important and
ibai himself states in an interview that he
imagines himself in the future with cameras around
the house and much more
dynamic content with a microphone in his lapel and
telling and narrating more things because
another eye
let's clarify this for a moment, I mean
when I say about microphones and such I
mean I've done it many times to do
in first dates okay a kind of first
dates or a kind of yellow humor my
house whatever winning brother eye there are
many people who believe that I'm going to put
cameras cried a big brother with my
own life not even if twitch offers me
65 million euros or so that's
impossible to happen
and welcome but that when I say with
professional cameras and such is that
when I do something a [ __ ]
professional production team from television comes to
record me if I have money or
someone pays me if I don't have money
then it stays the same you understand but not
that I put cameras to see how rebel
[ __ ] it must be a hit on tweets
the truth but of course they would vary in the
first minute that's the problem I do it or I
don't do it for a question of ethics or
smell I do it because it is variable  if not I would already be
doing it I have no
scruples whatsoever we were coming
backwards from clicks and gai kobin sex with
attractive Mexican from Haiti and over 18
but I would manage if not I had already
done it live sweat the [ __ ] that has rebelled
sees his father what there are guys you have to
respect the rules of tweets I think we have to keep
in mind it is the subject matter
I was going to stop commenting
exclusively on video games and now he talks about
absolutely everything we talked about it a
bit when we were discussing the subject of the
product
and it is that he would go and comment on anything
really hard hard hard hard that video
4 my video games and now he talks about
absolutely everything we talked about it a
bit when we were discussing the subject of the
product
and it is that he was going to a first date with one and
Ariadna
how the change the things they eat I get
lost in Spain I stopped being I feel like seeing
being withered anything talk about
everything add welcome talk about what
he feels like and play loud
[Music]
this this day is a day that I am
doing the super strict diet I
go crazy at home  because I'm
hungry you greet me while I'm with dad
on the call and I'm
from the diva marketing strategy and the
relationship the marketing strategy and you
go to this girl who is a big fan
also you know
about marketing marketing marketing
also in part because of her way of being that
we have already analyzed when talking about the
product I
should have taken a better look at the channel I didn't
know what it was like and go reacting to the
video but I had to have I should have
seen the girl's video not
have to have looked for the girl's video
directly so that to make
my reaction shorter not to get
to the point more than anything let's go she
has that ability to attract
attention not only to the general public
but also to celebrities or personalities who
seek to relate to ibai and that is how we have
seen different people enter her streams
that is what we have
talked about many times has it been realized,
for example I have said to kiko rivera
cinemas leo I have seen him trying to get
ibai's attention and he is going to
invite me to the tournament when you come out and he goes
and puts me in I was going to put in or rather they
asking ibai cano because what
the famous people
who go behind device do so that you put them in
then this is a benefit  mutual let's
say people freak out that ibai
has in the case of ribera in another for
example he gets into a fight with a well okay
people freak out that ibai has
such and such in his live show he also freaks out no
[ __ ] I have in my live show he's having a fight you did
n't imagine and on the way promos s kun
aguero or s
[Music]
who was the other favorite also kun
aguero who was the otomi who became a
streamer gets the publicity because
people through ibai find out that they
are in tweets that
the criminal is going to start okay even if they are already famous
but no matter how famous they are people do
n't know they are there neymar neymar the
last one was neymar playing
monash suddenly without coming to the point and
that arises with a simple message through
social networks there are no contracts there
is no brand strategy louis las
trying to obtain a benefit and that is
the naturalness you will see me that will be that is
the naturalness of bainoa that was
going and it also suits him girl and marc I
paid him  400,000 euros to play is her
sleeves
to literally and encourage him to stop almost
half a million euros to play that day it
's not an instagram message I
speak to Neymar he said to me who are you
Diego and Vice says shut up fat point
son of a [ __ ] he answered me I said play
one day he tells me with you in the [ __ ] life
Diego and if for half a million euros he
says wait I'll talk to my agent he
tells me says my people yes and came
from half a million half a kilo and that's why
now I would like you to subscribe to this
channel because economically it will
ask me more proud founding member
this can give for this almost for the
YouTube video for some even
any crack falling is not I think
right now someone from the chat already to
Oliver 400 is making a video on
YouTube it was the same and Vice confirms it I
paid half a million euros animal to
play with him Neymar also confirms it he does
n't say anything but he confirms it I
can put the title now
what do you think would be a better title for
this deal
the key to the success of ibai or iba iba and
iba and dance pay half  million euros
to neymar confirms it [ __ ] [ __ ]
I think the key to success and bye bye
better not
and dance pays neymar
and bayern ro with dallas yes but the rest is
all good I don't
know either like I don't know what other
things that will have more movement but
for the rest you
have to fill in the title of youtube in
some way I'm not saying neymar
confirms it since I know your dir
and vice pays him let's see let's see but that
having visits if I put it like that
and it goes there he pays half a million euros to
neymar for a love
neymar confirms that and dance for half a
million euros it's
scary
and vice pays half a million euros to
neymar to play love
thanks and vice I'll eat tomorrow too and
then say no oliver yes what makes
a soccer player answer a
message and want to play a game
with him
the last notable case of this is the
interview he does makes a brawl on the
day of its premiere and in his last song you
stopped loving me you brawl could
have the filter more than another channel or
any other  half to do an
interview on the day of the release of his
song but he chose to go to ibai's channel
because I'm a [ __ ] reputable journalist let's
say it, let's say it, the
quality that I have as a journalist let's start
talking and I would give credit to me too
let's see I think that obviously of course I think it will take the wine also to my channel because I knew that this was a marketing move that was very good and such it's clear no I can't believe it I can't believe that someone in the chat
has put big Javier and Oliver there is
someone called Javier Javier
Oli Oliver
so if you get to see it here look
tell me that people when I was there have already
made the reference that there will be people
putting that title tell me that the people
in their chat have not started to say we have
put remember me
put
Javi
said Oliver
maybe someone is called that today
someone who has written my name wrong there is
someone called Javier and
Oliver I do
n't think it's a cameo don't
[ __ ] with me it would be it would be
the dick it is not spoken it will not be that
there will be some soccer player something
that calls himself no  I
mean I don't believe it for a second
because this would already be an internet meme, the
plan for me to make a cameo here in this
video would be, well, it would be
the best, it can't be
but of course I offer you to come to my
house to talk to me, well,
great, I mean, if I can
help him with his album even if the help is
1%, 0.5 and he came to my channel and we
only give you entertaining streaming,
quite low regardless of whether he
came because they are on the subject and such and
such,
quite low you can come
spam or my channel
if you want if I like you and I
feel like it, you're at my mercy at your mercy, you love yourself
carlinhos brown
carlinhos brown and he tells me that they know about
boys when they tell me to come to my house, I
mean, if I had to go to Madrid, I might
say brow, look, I like your theme of
crying in limbo but loving and I don't
feel like going because he rang the bell in
a taxi, damn, if I still offer him a
boy who came with lollipops and an
ice cream, I'm not going to tell him  to my house as
condolences I say this since he's not going to come to
my house I won't say more come in I know it's
clear that quite strong since
then it was very easy the loves and it's
to me that Oliver 400 sounded very suspicious haha I do
n't know maybe you
can create a soccer player his name is if
not but but as he said at the
time of the joke with the title and
so on love someone will know me in his
chat they agreed that he in the oldest one and it
changes no but but [ __ ] it's
not because I'm surprised that someone
can know me that obviously it will be
0.01 of his chat no the thing is the
coincidence that we are watching the
video at the moment that comes out in
the chai that I have realized that it
says about el chapo that I am not right behind him
and we have the joke about the cameos no
and it is that the real one changed them is real about
the changes I laugh my dick I
laugh my dick with the cameos
it is a film set of the country in Madrid
I say the same bus I'm lazy because of
dynamics to work because here  both
win on the one hand ivn alonso
getting it makes him so eager that we have
talked about it many times it is clear and that is
how he is increasingly converting his
channel into this new television format
new entertainment format and in the
case of z
this is the key flop and it could be
clear and go to said jokingly
oliver 400 said that he was going and I don't know what
and he grabbed someone in the chat and
said great javi oliver it
is a cameo from the book so of
course it has
been a [ __ ] change really [ __ ]
but the people here who
have me as jorge javier go that
seriously it has
been a [ __ ] cameo it is literally
from the book besides it has
been a cameo from the book total
but they noticed the coincidence that
we are watching this video that we are
putting together today so win win because he has
chosen to be where he thinks is most
convenient for him to be at this moment and that is that
ibai's string is trending it
has a very loyal audience and a
very large audience it is a type of
promotion
and this is only talking about characters
because we can also talk about
brands okay this part in which I am going
to skip because  I comment on
tomorrow's video okay this is the issue of
brands and I think she uses this and
goes there to give her a dick
responding to her with the cola cao okay you
see it on my main channel I have
the description is and she sees it and okay I don't know
if she will comment something more interesting the
girl is totally three flyers
three flyers x is brutal
almighty king of cameos prince
man dancing the void of the book
every day I am surprised by the cameos she
realizes I think she has used this video it
is simply to
answer her because many times the girl
netflix like everyone else is
super aware action is taking into
account on many occasions she starts
talking about chap vilads talking to herself she did not
veto trying not even I of what
she says because she was talking above
that tweets are acquiring more and
more relevance and that being able to do some
kind of collaboration in which she
intervenes in a twitter channel yes
amazon for its part the girl is
praising ibai seriously mediation analysis
and more in conditions like well look
and well of rajoy or twitter is
very good we have  what do we see in this
video
is that I think the girl was going to be
a more exhaustive analysis like well
objectively but she's also a big fan of the fact
that it's going to be a more objective analysis
like well look, she was going to go apart from
having her charisma and her grace, she has
touched several keys that are key for
example she was in this place at the
right time apart from having collaborated
with such and such such and such it was going to be a
more objective analysis you know not that much of a fan of
him she's a big fan of him
o'keefe
a while chatting we were going to get a
good title let's get a good
title for today's video so
what's the title going to be in fact like
and vice I'll pay him and vice pays him like let's
see how it would sound good and baile pays 500
thousand euros
to Neymar to play Lamont host that
Islay no
that the line
and baile paid Neymar